# CLC -- Cloud Computing

“Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.”<BR>
 -Benjamin Franklin

This repository covers a number of assigned toy projects, as part of the 2017 
Cloud-computing class given by Prof. Jordi Torres, of the Dept of Architecture 
of Computers, a part of the College of Computer Science, at the Polytechnic U. 
of Catalonia, Barcelona, Spain. <BR>
The lab assignments' material and the proposed solutions are appropriate as a
gentle introduction to cloud-based or distributed computing for an MSc program
in Computer Science and Engineering.

##### Content:
Some of the work presented here is concerned with toy examples designed so that 
students may hone their skills, adhering to the very practical approach advocated by Prof. Torres.<BR>

##### Data-sets:
Some of the used dataset were not uploaded on this repo. This is due to either 
the size limitation on individual files imposed by GitHub or to the fact that 
although the data is available for free, you may only obtain it from its owner / 
maintainer. A good example of that is Tweeter data. In cases where the data is 
not included, then at least a snapshot of the datasets is provided as well as a 
URL, where it or similar data can be downloaded. The newly obtained dataset may 
or may not be identical to the one originally used to obtain results presented 
here. The responsability for that falls squarely on the data maintainer. In 
practice however, interested people may still benefit from the strategy laid out 
to deal with the data, irrespectively of whether some or all of it has changed. 
Datasets’ changes over years are likely to be all or nothing in any case; i.e. 
a dataset may cease to be available because the website has disappeared, moved 
or its EULA changed. In such a case you will be left with your table set (the 
code) but the need to fill your plate with suitable foods (the data).
